Breaking: description in directive comments (refs eslint/rfcs#33) (#12699)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring.md

This comment specifies the "double" option for the [`quotes`](../rules/quotes) rule. The first item in the array is always the rule severity (number or string).

> If the part preceded by `--` exists in the configuration comment, ESLint ignores the part. The `--` can be longer than 2. For examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration comments can include descriptions to explain why the comment is necessary. The description must occur after the configuration is separated from the comment by at two or more consecutive `-` characters. For example:
```

> Configuration comments can include descriptions to explain why the comment is necessary. The description must occur after the configuration is separated from the comment by at two or more consecutive `-` characters. For example:

Reviewer: Sorry, I had a typo in my suggestion 🙁 

```suggestion
Configuration comments can include descriptions to explain why the comment is necessary. The description must occur after the configuration and is separated from the configuration by two or more consecutive `-` characters. For example:
```

```js

> /* eslint eqeqeq: "off", curly: "error" -- You can clarify the reason of this configuration. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* eslint eqeqeq: "off", curly: "error" -- Here's a description about why this configuration is necessary. */
```

```

```js
/* eslint eqeqeq: "off", curly: "error"
    --------

>     You can clarify the reason of this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here's a short description about why this configuration is necessary.
```

>     But mind that '*' at beginning lines may cause syntax error. */

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what this means. Is this an example message or a direction for the user reading the docs?

Author: I wanted to say that the following example doesn't work:

```js
/* eslint eqeqeq: "off", curly: "error"
 * --------
 * You can clarify the reason of this configuration.
 * But mind that '*' at beginning lines may cause syntax error.
 */
```

Reviewer: Got it! I think it might be clearer to note just use this example directly. i.e.

```js
/* eslint eqeqeq: "off", curly: "error"
 * --------
 * This will not work due to the line above starting with a '*' character.
 */
```

foo(); /* eslint-disable-line example/rule-name */
```

> If the part preceded by `--` exists in the inline comments, ESLint ignores the part. The `--` can be longer than 2. For examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration comments can include descriptions to explain why the comment is necessary. The description must occur after the configuration is separated from the comment by at two or more consecutive `-` characters. For example:
```

> Configuration comments can include descriptions to explain why the comment is necessary. The description must occur after the configuration is separated from the comment by at two or more consecutive `-` characters. For example:

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above.

```js

> // eslint-disable-next-line no-console -- this console.log makes fine the program for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// eslint-disable-next-line no-console -- Here's a description about why this configuration is necessary.
```
